this is SourceFed I'm Joe Bereta I'm Lee
Newton what's the favorite part of the
brain for you I'm out I don't know
anything else scientists are embarking
on a project that if successful will
make it so scientists will never have to
think again ever it's brilliant really
at least that's how I read into this
story 200 Smarties hailing from all over
the Frick are joining forces with 1.6
billion dollars for the human brain
project this European Commission
brainchild you like that yes the project
is being hailed as the Large Hadron
Collider of the brain the human brain
project is going to dive into a pool of
grey matter and try and comprehend and
map our brains how does this jello mold
and my skull think how does it process
and feel emotions why is it conscious
there are a hundred billion neurons
firing off and filtering all sorts of
signals and synapse jumpers and the
project hopes to recreate this complex
system according to The Globe and Mail
the project aims to translate it into a
multi-layered supercomputer simulation
and Swedish Nobel laureate tossed and
why so forced it Tarson Torsten why soul
I don't know how to do Swedish and I'm
sorry HBP will be a driving force to
develop new and still more powerful
computers to handle the massive
accumulation of new information about
the brain well the neuroscientists are
ready to use these new tools in their
laboratory this cooperation should lead
to new concepts and deeper understanding
of the brain the most complex and
intricate creation on earth ok
scientists guys getting a little cocky
about the human brain there the human
brain project could very well be the
next step in creating human-like
robotics which is equal parts
fascinating and frightening researchers
hope advances in neuromorphic computing
and neuro robotics will result in
computing systems based on the circuitry
of our think sponge and an added bonus
of this 10-year project could be further
understanding of neurological disorders
like depression Parkinson's and
Alzheimer's and you know why I'm never
completely happy with myself do I look
pretty
tell me I look pretty you look very
I don't need your words ok guys first of
all in the comments down below tell D
she's pretty she tell her she's pretty
soon I don't have to do it anymore
and also what do you guys hope
researchers get from this ambitious
project let us know also like subscribe
do all the annotation and go into
sourcefed.com stuff I'm Joe Bereta
you're very pretty thank you
you're good thank you you're smart
people like you